All right, welcome back.
Let's have some more fun with media queries.
So, we had already decided that 600
would be our next breakpoint, right?
So what should we change at this width?
Well, first of all, I want make both the description here
and reviews go from side to side.
So I want them to occupy 100% of the available width
because we really don't have anymore space here right now.
And if we decrease this even more,
then the effect of course becomes more dramatic.
And so, I want to fix that.
So, going back to our CSS, let's start by creating
a new variable here.
And I'm gonna call it small.
And we want 600 pixels.
So 600 divided by 16 is 37.5 rem.
Or m, actually.
Okay, and so, let's now use that,
and I'm just gonna copy this media query here.
And where we want this media query to be
is on the detail.
So let me show that to you again.
So right here.
So we basically want the description and the
user reviews to be one below the other.
So, all we have to do on this flex container here,
the detail, is to change the flex direction.
So, let's do that.
So, flex direction from row to column.
And here, of course, it has to be smaller.
So remember when we have two media queries,
we first put the one for the largest screen
and after that the one for the smaller screen.
And that's because both of these will apply
because the screen at 600 pixels is also smaller
than 900 pixels, which is this media query here.
And so, both apply, but in this case, if there is
some conflicting declarations,
we want the last one to apply.
In this case, there's nothing conflicting,
so one has padding, one has flex direction.
And so, there is nothing conflicting here.
But if we had a padding in this media query here as well,
then we would want this padding to apply
and not the one for the larger screen.
So let's check that.
So moving below 600 and here we go.
Now, of course there are some small fixes
we have to perform, but the main goal
is already accomplished.
So one below the other right here.
Now, we have to remove this margin here from the right
and actually add some margin here at the bottom
so to create some space here.
Okay, and that is in the description.
So, getting that from here, again, making this the second
media query, we want the margin right to be zero.
And so, right now we have these conflicting declarations
that I was talking about earlier.
And so, of course we want this one to apply
and not the three.
Okay, and then some margin at the bottom
of three rem as well.
And that should be good.
All right, so, that looks a lot better
and also future proof.
Okay so, so for all these smaller width coming down here,
this is still okay at all times.
Okay, so we never have to touch this again.
Now, the next thing that I am concerned about
is this navigation here.
So, for example, at this width here,
so, at this 535, for example, there's already no more space
to fit this entire text here.
So car rental.
So what we should do here in this media query
which covers this part, which is the one we're
working on right now, is to actually put
the symbol here on top of the text.
And so, we already know how to do that of course.
That's not hard at all,
because these two elements are inside of the link
which is already a flexbox container
Let me show that to you.
So, this side nav link is already
a flexbox container, yeah, here, so display flex.
And so, all we have to do now is to change
the flex direction once again.
So, you see that when we're building a smaller version
of the interface, a lot of times we change
the flex direction from row to column.
So that is probably the biggest advantage
of using flexbox for responsive design.
Okay, so let's now do that.
So where is that?
Yeah, here we go.
So right here in the link,
such as I showed you in the inspector before.
So, flex direction, column.
Now taking a look at this, well, it occupies
way too much space now.
So we should remove some padding.
So, let's put it at one rem only.
That's maybe a bit too less.
Actually we could maybe leave it as it was.
But now another thing here is this, this icon.
So it's not really centered, even though we have
a line item set to center here.
So the problem actually is this margin
that we have on the right side, so this right margin.
So let's remove that and also slightly decrease here
the size of the icon.
So let's put this one back to 1.5.
And what I actually wanted to decrease
was the sides because otherwise there will not be
enough space to actually fit the content
when we first decrease the view port width.
And so, now let's do these other changes
that I was talking about.
So the margin right of course needs to disappear.
So we want no margin at all.
And then let's slightly decrease the size
like to 1.5 rem, for example,
width and height as well.
Let's check it out.
And so, yeah, that looks a lot better.
Just give it a couple of space
between the icon and the text,
and then it's already perfect after that.
So just some small margin at the bottom.
So let's just say margin right zero
and then margin bottom
is like seven pixels.
All right, and so, yeah, that's perfect now.
Now, next up, what is still way too huge
is some parts here in this hotel overview.
So this text is a bit too much.
There's overall a bit too much space
and also this is here too big.
And so, it doesn't really look so natural here
compared to the size of the rest of the elements
on the page, but those should be
a couple of very easy fixes.
So, let's quickly do that and write some more media queries.
So, legal, and here overview.
So, first of all, I want to change the font size
of this heading here
to 1.8 rem, and then also the padding
is a bit too much because this padding here is actually
what defines the height of this entire overview element.
And so, if we decrease the padding on top and bottom,
like to 125 rem, then it all decreases a bit.
Okay, and then the sides we can put two rem.
And so, that should be better.
Well, let's take a look at what else
we can change here.
So I was talking about the rating.
So let's change the padding here as well.
So, remember that rating is that pink container,
okay, which contains both the average and account.
And it has a lot of padding, so let's change that to zero
and 1.5 rem.
Then down here we can change the font size of this one
to like 1.8 rem.
And then also decrease this font size here further down
to 0.8, or 0.5 actually, so just really small.
Let's check that out.
And, okay, so I think that looks a lot more natural
right now, especially compared with this lower part
that we have here.
Okay, so, let's take a look at this.
Decrease maybe the width a little bit.
And I think it looks pretty good still.
Well, maybe except here in the top, so here in the header.
That starts looking a bit too cramped.
Now, we could of course leave it like this.
But there is something else that I want to show you.
Okay, I want to show you some more flexbox
because, as you've seen probably, I really like it.
And so, I keep wanting to show you more and more
and more of it.
Okay, so let's just create a new breakpoint here
at let's say 500 pixels.
And then we can move the search bar down here.
Okay, so like below these two.
So we have the logo, then we have this user nav,
and then after that, let's put the search bar.
And this way, we can use something
that I showed you in the intro lectures
but that we haven't used in the project yet,
and that is the order property.
Remember that one?
So let's create a new breakpoint here
at 500 pixels, which is where this starts
to look a bit weird up here.
So, 500 pixels, which equals 31.25m.
Okay, so that's 500 pixels, and I'm gonna call this one
the smallest, so we have the largest and the smallest.
So let's copy a media query from here.
So you see I really like to always copy this.
It makes it a bit easier and faster to write out.
So, smallest, and then actually on the search bar as well.
This is not what we want.
What I wanted to show you was the search bar.
And, yeah, that's in the components of course.
So let's move over there, and here it is.
So, as I was saying, we want to move the search bar
to the third position, so to the last position.
Now, do you remember what I told you in the intro lectures
about the default value for the order?
Well, it's usually zero.
And that means that right now the logo and the search
and the user nav all have a order of zero.
So if I set the search to order
of one, then it will be the last one, right?
And so it will move all the way to the end.
And of course this has to be the smallest.
But now that should work.
And, yeah, actually, it is working.
So, now it's the last element and we can confirm that.
So on the larger screen, that's not happening,
and as soon as we hit 500, it moves, so great.
But remember what we wanted to do here
was to actually move this one down a bit.
So basically move it to a new row.
And how can we do that with flexbox?
Well, it's actually very simple.
It is just flex wrap and then set it to wrap.
So now we are allowing the flex items
to wrap into a new line if they don't have enough space
in the flex container.
Okay, so let's check it.
And, actually, it's not really happening anything right now,
because for now it looks like there's still enough space.
So we have to wait a bit until it moves down.
Okay, so starting at this width,
that's exactly what happens.
Okay, but we want this to start right at 500 pixels.
Okay, and so, what do we have to do?
Well, we just have to make the search bar
a bit wider.
So, let's do that.
Back to our component.
And all we have to say
is that we want it to have a flex basis of 100%.
So, basically the width of the element
should be 100%.
It shouldn't shrink, and it shouldn't grow.
And so, right now, it should probably already be working.
And, yeah, indeed, it's not occupying this entire width here
at least all the here until the side,
which then expands as soon as we focus the input field.
All right, now we just have some spacing issues here
to solve because the header is no longer tall enough
to fit all this content.
So, let's come back here and simply increase the height
of the element to let's say 11 rem,
or we can even do a bit more so we can see
the effect even more.
So let's see what is going to happen now.
And, all right, so that gives a lot more space.
Now, do you still remember from the flexbox intro lectures
how we could control the space between the rows
of the container?
There was a property just for that.
And it's called align content.
So let's experiment with that.
And first set it to center.
So let's take a look what happens.
And, okay, so they are now really together here,
these two rows, so this row first one here,
which is first two flex items, and this one,
they are basically vertically centered now.
Okay, but what we want here is really just space around.
Okay, so you can experiment with this a bit
to see the different possibilities, but I think
that this one is the best.
Well, actually, let's experiment with that right now.
So, we could space between, of course.
And what do you think this will do?
Ah, you already see it, so pushes both to the edges.
So that space between, but that's not really ideal here
in this case.
Then we also have flex.
And as always, so pushing both rows down to the end
of the container.
And flex start of course, but both are not really
what we want.
What we want is space between.
We want space around, not space between.
Okay, and actually, this is probably a bit too high.
So, let's make it 11 ram.
And, yeah, that's a bit better.
Now, just to fix this a bit weird looking
input element here with these rounded corners,
which is also not really centered,
let's just fix that, okay, and we're gonna do that
by simply setting a background color here
on the entire search.
Okay, right now we have this background color
on the input only, but we can also put it
on the entire search element.
And so, that should fix it.
Okay, so I think that looks a bit more natural.
All right, so let's just take a look
at a couple of different devices here.
So that's the design on the iPad in portrait mode,
then in landscape mode it looks like this.
It looks pretty good, if you ask me.
Then we have the iPad Pro, for example,
and that's not really ideal with all the space down here.
But I think we can live with that.
Then this is in the landscape version.
And that's a huge screen.
And so, it looks almost like a normal computer.
And then there is this iPhone here.
And here things are not really perfect, as you can see.
But I think we've written enough media queries.
And so, if you want to fix that for yourself,
then please go ahead and do that,
it would be a great exercise.
But I think I already showed you more than enough
how media queries work, and so that would be a great job
to do for yourself and to just train a bit
more with the media queries.
So we also have the Galaxy here.
And so, for phones, it's not really 100% perfect,
as you can see, but again, please feel free
to fix these smaller issues by yourself.
Because for now, this is actually all that I
had to show you.
So, flexbox is once again perfect for responsive design
and especially deflects direction properties set to column.
So that's like a real life saver.
Saves us a lot of work, a lot of time.
All right, so we're practically done here with the project.
Let's just jump into the next and final video,
where I just want to make some final considerations
and wrap up this project.